Upgrade guide: Add more details to the jQuery 3.5 upgrade guide (#202)
jquery/jquery.com: pages/upgrade-guide/3.5.md

```
because `<div/>` was replaced with `<div></div>` & `<span/>` with `<span></span>`.

> jQuery 3.5.0 has changed `jQuery.htmlPrefilter` to be an identity function. In HTML mode auto-closing tags are being replaced with their opening tags, making `<div/><span/>` interpreted as `<div><span>`; the browser will automatically close these tags at the end of input. That means that the above `jQuery` call would now create above HTML structure only in XML mode of HTML (called also as XHTML) but in regular HTML mode you would now get:

Reviewer: I'm wondering if people understand what "HTML mode" is nowadays. XHTML is pretty archaic!

I think the important point here is that the new interpretation of this string is being done by the browser's HTML5 parser and not jQuery.

Author: Yeah, I just didn't want to imply that `<div/><span/>` will **always** be converted to the nested structure by the browser as in XML mode it won't happen. Maybe I'll cut the XML part out.

> jQuery 3.5.0 has changed `jQuery.htmlPrefilter` to be an identity function. In HTML mode auto-closing tags are being replaced with their opening tags, making `<div/><span/>` interpreted as `<div><span>`; the browser will automatically close these tags at the end of input. That means that the above `jQuery` call would now create above HTML structure only in XML mode of HTML (called also as XHTML) but in regular HTML mode you would now get:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In jQuery 3.5.0, the `jQuery.htmlPrefilter` method always returns its argument unchanged. Modern browsers usually parse and render HTML strings in HTML5 mode. Elements such as `<p>` and `<span>` are never self-closing in HTML5, so the browser interprets a string like `<p/><span/>` as `<p><span>` and leaves the tags open. The browser closes the tags at the end of the string or at an element that cannot be contained in the element, so another `<p>` tag closes an existing open `<p>` tag.
```

Author: That sounds good, maybe I'd just change HTML5 to HTML as that's the official naming now:
```suggestion
In jQuery 3.5.0, the `jQuery.htmlPrefilter` method always returns its argument unchanged. Modern browsers usually parse and render HTML strings in HTML mode. Elements such as `<p>` and `<span>` are never self-closing in HTML, so the browser interprets a string like `<p/><span/>` as `<p><span>` and leaves the tags open. The browser closes the tags at the end of the string or at an element that cannot be contained in the element, so another `<p>` tag closes an existing open `<p>` tag.
```

```js
jQuery( "<div></div><img/>" );
```

One popular input that still works in jQuery 3.5.0 or newer is the one with a single tag with or without attributes:
```js
jQuery( "<div class='yellow' />" );
```

> This is becuse it's XHTML-compliant and in HTML the parser first changes it to just the opening tag: `<div class='yellow'>` but then auto-closes it when it reaches the end of input.

Author: ```suggestion
This is becuse it's XHTML-compliant and in HTML the parser first changes it to just the opening tag: `<div class='yellow'>` but then immediately auto-closes it as it reaches the end of input.
```
